so welcome to the adh 2014
I therefore have the opportunity with that
few minutes what you have time here
now to present the novelties that
so here we put on the adh first on the
our injectors different in actors
which we have here present ourselves
so the closures section whether it is then
with GPS at the control or not here
we presented our gases not earth
and called so logical
and behind this you can also with a
sense that other possibility again
on the same models but with
the lifting of the elements
so that we can then see one here
So here also GPS driven with
flow meter and so here the
elements therefore also get rid of
the ground so that
GPS controlled as another
so present something new during
adha is writing and so have it
in four meters 5 meters and 6 meters and
run from 60 so quite high speed
capacity
the machine does have a certain weight
so that's why we are required to
to go to the larger tanks
only for weight distribution
so they really write that we call the
eaten stars that scan in south new
have presented octavia
so on this machine on the multi action
just as well have the closures section
mounted on that therefore can not with
those pink off grabs so the novelties
she thing with the second system
so also during work
to close sections
so that is above the crowd action
also always in the section
closures therefore have the assembly here
on the ball and I oops
so here we go to work with is fine
for the see here
so press hose is fine so be able to close
also exists in so an idea sexy
closure or all that headland so the
complete machine can play
So right file on the hose is fine so
we are now here change on this barre
winters
here it is about a new machine
present new ones in different
versions so our scarif lex
so here they have model differences
over these 6 groups we otherwise
5 and rows of two ships and revol
especially the combination with a
sowing machine
a date has spent the last two years is
proven
demos also appeared in the Netherlands
have happened in the son he proved
this machine very well
arrives to sow so in so
do n't expect anything from this machine either
leaving in this fall and overall
because many are sown to me after years
so this is an arm machine build to
expect outdoor cooking in this
year still so he is is caliph series with
cremation samsung
we look forward to seeing you at full potential
here at our booth
for example, so these count
details in detail again
can present
so thanks and we hope to see you
i lived see more videos make sure to
subscribe